Issue tracker.md (#318)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/project-setup/issue-tracker.md

A team develops a component that many teams in the organization depend on. It
uses a standard issue tracker for tracking open bugs and feature requests.
However, the context in each entry is very limited. As a result potential
contributors have no way of knowing what change exactly each issue is talking
about.

## Context

The InnerSource project tooling is all setup. However, the project issue tracker
is mainly used for sharing progress. In InnerSource projects there are many more
use cases that an issue tracker can be used for that make remote, asynchronous
communication easier.

## Forces

> - Contributors would like to understand whether the feature that they are missing is already on the roadmap. With a lot of context missing in issues through it is impossible to decide whether existing issues match the contributing team's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contributors would like to understand whether the feature that they are missing is already on the roadmap. With a lot of context missing in issues though it is impossible to decide whether existing issues match the contributing team's needs.
```

The sentence only makes sense with "though". Changing it back to that.

- For bugs, planned features and feature ideas create separate issues. In each of those include as much information as possible so that potential external contributors are able to understand the context. Ideally, in particular for easier changes, include enough information for external contributors to support the host team by implementing the functionality in question.
- Potentially use the issue tracker as a channel to ask questions. This is in particular helpful if you are lacking other communication sources to tackle user questions.
- Make use of tags and categories in order to distinguish issues used for different purposes.

> - For starting a brain storming session asynchronously, open an issue for gathering ideas. When discussion is starting to calm down, summarize the points identified in this issue in a separate document. Post that for review as a pull request to drill deeper into individual points that still need clarification. The resulting document can be used to publish the results in other appropriate channels
> as well as for future reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For starting a brainstorming session asynchronously, open an issue for gathering ideas. When discussion is starting to calm down, summarize the points identified in this issue in a separate document. Post that for review as a pull request to drill deeper into individual points that still need clarification. The resulting document can be used to publish the results in other appropriate channels as well as for future reference.
```

Additional fix of "brain storming". 
Combining the text into one row.
